All scripts can be found inside Assets/Scripts.
<pre><code>
<b>Scripts</b>
├───<b>UbiArt</b>: All code to handle the UbiArt framework "back end".
│   ├───<b>Classes</b>: Serialization code for all UbiArt classes that can be serialized using the generic serializer.
│   │   ├───<b>Autogenerated</b>: Autogenerated (and manually corrected) serialization code for most UbiArt classes
│   │   ├───<b>Correct</b>: Manually corrected code. Should be merged with Autogenerated since that is also corrected now.
│   │   ├───<b>Custom</b>: Manually created classes that were not autogenerated due to flaws in the generator.
│   │   └───<b>Deprecated</b>: For a special case - you can ignore this folder.
│   ├───<b>ClassesParsing</b>: Contains logic that handles the UbiArt classes after they have been serialized, e.g.:
│   │                   loading a file referenced by a path, creating a Unity object for the class, constructing a mesh, etc.
│   ├───<b>General</b>: General classes. MapLoader contains the loading logic, Settings has the different configuration profiles
│   │            for different games, and ObjectFactory contains all the class CRCs (see <a href="../Serialization" title="Serialization">Serialization</a>).
│   ├───<b>Primitives</b>: The main "building blocks" of the UbiArt classes. Very commonly used classes like Paths, IDs, etc.
│   │   ├───<b>Collections</b>: Includes code for how various collections are serialized: arrays, lists, maps...
│   │   └───<b>Containers</b>: Classes that contain another class, like Generic and Nullable. See <a href="../Serialization" title="Serialization">Serialization</a>.
│   ├───<b>PureBinary</b>: Serialization code for all objects that can only be stored as binary files by the UbiArt engine.
│   │   |           See paragraph on PureBinary files on the <a href="../Serialization" title="Serialization">Serialization</a> page.
│   │   ├───<b>Animation</b>: All animation-related files, such as .anm (AnimTrack), .skl (AnimSkeleton), .pbk (AnimPatchBank)
│   │   ├───<b>Bundle</b>: For IPK files.
│   │   ├───<b>FriseOrigins</b>: In Rayman Origins' engine version, FriseConfig and all its referenced classes are PureBinary.
│   │   └───<b>UV</b>: For storage of UV atlases in the atlascontainer.ckd file.
│   ├───<b>Serialize</b>: Main classes for serialization. See <a href="../Serialization" title="Serialization">Serialization</a>.
│   │   └───<b>CRC</b>: Code for a normal CRC32 algorithm
│   └───<b>Util</b>: Utility classes, some yet unused, mostly copied straight from Raymap.
│             The binary reader and writer classes are here too.
└───<b>Unity</b>: All code for the Unity "front end", e.g. for the loading screen or to facilitate displaying in the editor
    └───<b>Editor</b>: Code for displaying these Unity classes in the inspector,
                including the editor SerializerObject which displays and reads from input fields in the editor
</code></pre>
There are more folders than displayed here, but those are not important.